# Assigment 1
For this project, our group decided to go with the standard social media website. It seemed like a fun idea and did not sound like an overly complicated challenge.

  To begin our project we first tackled the design aspexts of this project and that first involved choosing the name of our social media platform, which we decided on "yoVerse", because it combined two words: your and universe, which is a great title for an up and coming social media platform where users can share their thoughts and experinces with the world. The next step in creating our social media platform was to figure out the graphic design aspect which included choosing the color scheme and creating a logo. To select the colors we utilized Coolors.co, to randomize different color patterns and find interesting color schemes that would fit our websites mood and feel. Once we settled on our desired color grid, we then chose one of the mpst eye catching colors and created a Logo with it to ensure it would match our website aesthetic. Our team used freelogodesign.org to create our logo with matching colors and moved on to designing our website.

  To create our first draft we drew up a few pages in HTML5, CSS, and Bootstrap. We utilized GitHub for our version control and to keep everything generally organized while working remotely and as a team. Dax was in charge of the general styling of the webstie which included most of the graphic aspects of our socail media platform. Dax also designed various classes and IDs to make the page more aesthetically pleasing as well as creating the [sign-up page](https://github.com/Temch4k/Assigment-1/blob/main/signup.html). Micah constructed the [home page](https://github.com/Temch4k/Assigment-1/blob/main/homePage.html), [profile](https://github.com/Temch4k/Assigment-1/blob/main/profilePage.html) [pages](https://github.com/Temch4k/Assigment-1/blob/main/profileSettings.html) and the [forgotten password page](https://github.com/Temch4k/Assigment-1/blob/main/forgotPassword.html), while Artsiom created the [sign-in page](https://github.com/Temch4k/Assigment-1/blob/main/signin.html) and worked on the scaling of pages for different windows sizes to suit all users and ensure that whatever platform is being used to view our social media website that it would look appropriate. Artsiom also did some maintenance on the pages, making sure that the footers and headers were correctly sized and were anchored in the appropriate places.

  Our design is trying to section the page into relative sections. It seemed most appropriate to set each section in rectangular sections with curved edges in some sections. We choose this styling in order to look similar to other professional sites such at Twitter and Facebook while looking different enough with the defined staggered box layout to stand out from the crowd while still maintaining a familiar feel for our users.

  To view out site please [click here](https://temch4k.github.io/Assigment-1/)
  -- Click log in to view homepage --
  -- Click Sign Up to View Sign Up page --
  -- Click The Profile button in right hand corner of homepage to view profile --



-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Part 2
  Let's continue working on our final social media project for the Web Application Development class. For this assignment, our team had to make our project more dynamic and add some security to our account creation, such as our password has to include certain characters, and it has to match the password when it gets retyped for the second time. We also had to add security questions to our user's account creation process to make the process more secure and interactive. 
  To split our work evenly, Dax and Micah worked on the assignment's password part, and Artsiom went with the website's security questions. He looked up frequently used security questions and used the suggested questions from https://docs.whmcs.com/Security_Questions . He also went back into one of our first classworks and used the Covid Survey website that we made to use as a good starting point for our security questions function. The biggest challenge of this task was to take the function we already had and make it reusable by different parameters. To solve this problem, all he had to do was pass the id of the <select> element as the function's parameter. Since all three of the security questions had IDs of q1, q2, and a3, we needed to get DivQ1, DivQ2, and DivQ3 to appear when the corresponding ID's <select> element was called. By passing the IDs of the elements into the function, he took their last character, which was their numbers, and simply attached them to the back of the DivQ string, which, when we added a number to the end, would correspond to the ID of the <select>.
	After finishing the security questions, Artsiom went ahead and added a Favicon to our social media (it's the small icon that shows up on the tab of the browser, next to the tab's name), so our users would quickly identify which tab our website is open in.
